Update release notes with formatter breaking changes (#6313)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.4.0/RELEASE_NOTE.md

#### OpenAPI Tool

## Breaking changes
- New improvements added to the `bal format` command (to address some of the existing [limitations](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/issues/37868)) can be breaking for the users having CLI usages of `bal format <module_name>` option. 

> In such instances, the `bal format <package-path> --module <module_name>` options can be used for the same purpose from 2201.4.0 onwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In such instances, the `bal format <package-path> --module <module_name>` options can be used for the same purpose from 2201.4.0 onwards.
```
Shall we make this an info or a tip?

> In such instances, the `bal format <package-path> --module <module_name>` options can be used for the same purpose from 2201.4.0 onwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In such instances, the `bal format <package-path> --module <module-name>` options can be used for the same purpose from the Swan Lake Update 4 release onwards.
```
